# honours-thesis-research-code

# Project Description 
The main goal of this research project is to design an approach that can detect and classify textual data as containing sexual predatory or non-predatory behaviour. Applying such an approach to online chat-room conversations would have to take into consideration the messy and difficult to interpret nature of the text. Textual data coming from online environments could be expected to be full of misspelled words, slang, internet acronyms, inappropriate language and broken grammar being used. One of the major tasks in this project is reconstruction of the linguistic context of words and phrases being used in a conversation. Modern computational linguistics use complex deep learning language models to capture the semantic similarity between words and concepts, thus mapping the meaning of words and concepts to high dimensional word vector spaces. 

# Project's Goals and Application
This research project aims to join the powers of computational linguistics with statistical machine learning to decipher the insight lying in conversations, then make predictions on whether or not a specific conversation should be flagged for containing sexual predatory behaviour. Such a powerful approach could be applied in online gaming chat-room environments, where children could be disposed to being manipulated or preyed on by sexual predators. This project's sole purpose is to design an approach that could help online communities keep their members safer using an automated chat-room filter, which goes through conversations and classifies them into groups based on the uncertainty of detected malicious content.
